hi this is Craig Dennis mix North Hills
ram chrysler jeep dodge and today i'd
like to present the 2011 ram 1500
regular cab express now this is a v8
Hemi v8 20-inch wheels foglights it's
got the sport appearance package on it
so it looks just like the top-end sport
with a standard hood on it 20-inch
wheels six and a half foot bed this
truck stickers for 25
just under 25
and it's beautiful now with the end
sent us are going on right now with the
look at the cutouts for the exhaust dual
exhaust in the back the tailgate is a
load-bearing tailgate the same tailgate
they put on the heavy-duty 2500 and 3500
trucks
with the incentives this Chuck should
come in right around twenty thousand
dollars so you got automatic headlights
foglights your cargo light bulb here
switch this interior switches this is a
beautiful truck you've got satellite
radio am FM CD ipod jack right there
there's tons of storage you got storage
up on the top you get storage down on
the bottom get storage in the arm rest
of these fold flat there's a shoulder
harness here for the person in the
middle flips into here then over to here
cupholders tracked in this is the
carpeted floor
it's a ton of truck for the money give
me a call for one two three six seven
7200 extension 124 and ask for Craig
give you a personal presentation will
take one out for drive this is the new
little red express thank you very much
and have a great day back